privacy.md, before:

# #BeatCovid19Now Privacy Policy

The privacy of your data is of utmost importance to us and we have taken numerous conscious decisions to guarantee that your data is handled carefully and kept as anonymous as possible. We do not collect any personally identifiable information (PII) nor do we have any requirement to for our purposes. Our research relies on aggregated and anonymized data that we collect from the survey forms.

## Terms

* For the purpose of this document, _website_ refers to the Beat COVID-19 website at https://beatcovid19now.org and _app_ refers to the apps available on the Apple Store and Google Play Stores for iOS and Android Devices
* _The Symptom Tracker_ is the results page of the survey within the website and apps that provides the user with a view of their symptoms over multiple surveys.
* _Token_ - the token is a unique cryptographic identifier that uniquely identifies you as a visitor to our website and apps and is used to associate your multiple survey completions across visits or app opens. The Symptom Tracker is unable to function without a unique token identifying you and we use this in lieu of collecting an emaill address or any other account identifier.

## Who developed this app?

This app is part of the #BeatCovid19Now research led by researchers at the [Centre for Global Health and Equity](https://www.swinburne.edu.au/research/global-health-equity/) with help from data scientists at [Swinburne University of Technology](https://www.swinburne.edu.au/) in partnership with [Arq Group, Australia](https://arq.group/), the COVID-19 Hackathon and marketing volunteers.

## Purpose

This Symptom Tracker collects information for research purposes. Any advice or findings are general only and not a substitute for medical advice. If concerned, please close the Symptom Tracker and contact your local health authority or practitioner.

## No diagnosis or medical advice

**The Symptom Tracker does not diagnose COVID-19 and it does not provide medical advice. Please seek urgent medical help if you have difficulty breathing. Contact your relevant local health authority or medical practitioner for health advice about COVID-19 and to find out what to do if you think you have symptoms.**

## Anonymity

This application associates any information you provide with a unique, anonymous identifier to ensure that multiple responses from the same person can be easily matched and progress can be tracked over time.

All data is transferred over encrypted channels and and stored on secure servers.

Data collected is available to qualified researchers for authorised purposes.

## What Data We Collect

* When you visit the website or the survey within the app, our servers will log your IP address. Your IP address is not associated with the survey you complete and is purely used for systems administrative purposes - such as blocking denial of service or malware attempts
* We run an analytics platform that aggregates visitor data for the purpose of reporting the number of visitors our survey receives, which country or region they are visiting from and any website they may have visited from
* When you start a survey, our website will set a unique identifier for your visit that is not associated with your IP address or any other information. We store this unique token in order to track your symptoms across visits to the app or website.
* In the website and apps, you can optionally provide your location information. We do not collect your exact location, but rather we fuzz this data to your nearest geography - typically a suburb or postcode. We require this geographic information in order to monitor the spread of the virus and to provide crucial health data.
* For the purpose of analytics and improving the survey, we may track the time you take to fill in the survey or how far into the survey you completed for any abandoned surveys.
* We may collect for the purpose of analytics the type of device and browser you are using when visiting the website and completing a survey on either the website or app.
* If while using the app or website you experience an error, we may send details of that error back to our error log monitoring services provided by subprocessors. The information included in those error logs includes the originating IP address

## Who We Share Data With

* The data is shared in aggregate and anonymized form with researchers and organizations approved by Swinburn University and the #BeatCovid19Now organization for the purpose of research.
* Any Researcher or Organization that is granted access to the dataset agrees to and are bound by this privacy policy and the ethical standards of Swinburne University.
* We share data with the subprocessors listed in this document, including cloud computing hosting providers, analytics services and error monitoring services.
* We will never share your data with any other party unless explicitly stated in this document.

## Deleting Data

* To remove the token you can clear the cookies in your browser or uninstall the app on your device(s). We will be unable to associate you with your completed survey form and provided data unless you explicitly set the token again.
* As we are unable to associate a survey result with your personal identity we are unable to delete data based on a request that is emailed.
* Data will be retained in anonymized and aggregate form up until a time it serves a research purpose.

## Subprocessors we use

As part of the services we provide, and only to the extent necessary, we may use certain third-party subprocessors to process some or all of your personal information. These subprocessors include cloud computing providers, data analysis tools and error monitoring services.

Subprocessors located in Australia and the United States:
* [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/). Cloud services provider.
* [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com). Analytics provider.
* [Sentry](https://www.sentry.io/). Error reporting software.

## Security & Encryption

All data is encrypted via [SSL/TLS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security) when transmitted from our servers to your browser. The database backups are also encrypted. Data isn’t encrypted while it's live in our database (since it needs to be ready to send to you when you access the survey of Symptom Tracker), but we go to great lengths to secure your data at rest.

## Location of Site and Data

This website and apps are operated from Australia. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of Australia please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to Australia. By using our Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.

## Ethics

This project has been approved by or on behalf of Swinburne’s Human Research Ethics Committee (SUHREC) in line with the National Statement on Ethical Conduct in Human Research. If you have any concerns or complaints about the conduct of this project (reference: `20202892-4014`), you may contact us at the details below.


## Contact

If you have questions about this privacy policy, how the data is collected and handled, or exercising your rights, please contact us:

### By Mail

```
Research Ethics Officer, Swinburne Research (H68)
Swinburne University of Technology
PO Box 218
Hawthorn VIC 3122
```

### By Phone

Australia Telelphone: [+61 3 9214 3845](callto:+61392143845)

### By Email

Email: [resethics@swin.edu.au](mailto:resethics@swin.edu.au)

Commit message:

Add last updated data and link to canonical source of privacy policy

privacy.md, after:

# #BeatCovid19Now Privacy Policy

Last Updated: 12th April 2020

This policy is available online at [https://beatcovid19now.org/privacy](beatcovid19now.org/privacy)

The privacy of your data is of utmost importance to us and we have taken numerous conscious decisions to guarantee that your data is handled carefully and kept as anonymous as possible. We do not collect any personally identifiable information (PII) nor do we have any requirement to for our purposes. Our research relies on aggregated and anonymized data that we collect from the survey forms.

## Terms

* For the purpose of this document, _website_ refers to the Beat COVID-19 website at https://beatcovid19now.org and _app_ refers to the apps available on the Apple Store and Google Play Stores for iOS and Android Devices
* _The Symptom Tracker_ is the results page of the survey within the website and apps that provides the user with a view of their symptoms over multiple surveys.
* _Token_ - the token is a unique cryptographic identifier that uniquely identifies you as a visitor to our website and apps and is used to associate your multiple survey completions across visits or app opens. The Symptom Tracker is unable to function without a unique token identifying you and we use this in lieu of collecting an emaill address or any other account identifier.

## Who developed this app?

This app is part of the #BeatCovid19Now research led by researchers at the [Centre for Global Health and Equity](https://www.swinburne.edu.au/research/global-health-equity/) with help from data scientists at [Swinburne University of Technology](https://www.swinburne.edu.au/) in partnership with [Arq Group, Australia](https://arq.group/), the COVID-19 Hackathon and marketing volunteers.

## Purpose

This Symptom Tracker collects information for research purposes. Any advice or findings are general only and not a substitute for medical advice. If concerned, please close the Symptom Tracker and contact your local health authority or practitioner.

## No diagnosis or medical advice

**The Symptom Tracker does not diagnose COVID-19 and it does not provide medical advice. Please seek urgent medical help if you have difficulty breathing. Contact your relevant local health authority or medical practitioner for health advice about COVID-19 and to find out what to do if you think you have symptoms.**

## Anonymity

This application associates any information you provide with a unique, anonymous identifier to ensure that multiple responses from the same person can be easily matched and progress can be tracked over time.

All data is transferred over encrypted channels and and stored on secure servers.

Data collected is available to qualified researchers for authorised purposes.

## What Data We Collect

* When you visit the website or the survey within the app, our servers will log your IP address. Your IP address is not associated with the survey you complete and is purely used for systems administrative purposes - such as blocking denial of service or malware attempts
* We run an analytics platform that aggregates visitor data for the purpose of reporting the number of visitors our survey receives, which country or region they are visiting from and any website they may have visited from
* When you start a survey, our website will set a unique identifier for your visit that is not associated with your IP address or any other information. We store this unique token in order to track your symptoms across visits to the app or website.
* In the website and apps, you can optionally provide your location information. We do not collect your exact location, but rather we fuzz this data to your nearest geography - typically a suburb or postcode. We require this geographic information in order to monitor the spread of the virus and to provide crucial health data.
* For the purpose of analytics and improving the survey, we may track the time you take to fill in the survey or how far into the survey you completed for any abandoned surveys.
* We may collect for the purpose of analytics the type of device and browser you are using when visiting the website and completing a survey on either the website or app.
* If while using the app or website you experience an error, we may send details of that error back to our error log monitoring services provided by subprocessors. The information included in those error logs includes the originating IP address

## Who We Share Data With

* The data is shared in aggregate and anonymized form with researchers and organizations approved by Swinburn University and the #BeatCovid19Now organization for the purpose of research.
* Any Researcher or Organization that is granted access to the dataset agrees to and are bound by this privacy policy and the ethical standards of Swinburne University.
* We share data with the subprocessors listed in this document, including cloud computing hosting providers, analytics services and error monitoring services.
* We will never share your data with any other party unless explicitly stated in this document.

## Deleting Data

* To remove the token you can clear the cookies in your browser or uninstall the app on your device(s). We will be unable to associate you with your completed survey form and provided data unless you explicitly set the token again.
* As we are unable to associate a survey result with your personal identity we are unable to delete data based on a request that is emailed.
* Data will be retained in anonymized and aggregate form up until a time it serves a research purpose.

## Subprocessors we use

As part of the services we provide, and only to the extent necessary, we may use certain third-party subprocessors to process some or all of your personal information. These subprocessors include cloud computing providers, data analysis tools and error monitoring services.

Subprocessors located in Australia and the United States:
* [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/). Cloud services provider.
* [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com). Analytics provider.
* [Sentry](https://www.sentry.io/). Error reporting software.

## Security & Encryption

All data is encrypted via [SSL/TLS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security) when transmitted from our servers to your browser. The database backups are also encrypted. Data isn’t encrypted while it's live in our database (since it needs to be ready to send to you when you access the survey of Symptom Tracker), but we go to great lengths to secure your data at rest.

## Location of Site and Data

This website and apps are operated from Australia. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of Australia please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to Australia. By using our Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.

## Ethics

This project has been approved by or on behalf of Swinburne’s Human Research Ethics Committee (SUHREC) in line with the National Statement on Ethical Conduct in Human Research. If you have any concerns or complaints about the conduct of this project (reference: `20202892-4014`), you may contact us at the details below.


## Contact

If you have questions about this privacy policy, how the data is collected and handled, or exercising your rights, please contact us:

### By Mail

```
Research Ethics Officer, Swinburne Research (H68)
Swinburne University of Technology
PO Box 218
Hawthorn VIC 3122
```

### By Phone

Australia Telelphone: [+61 3 9214 3845](callto:+61392143845)

### By Email

Email: [resethics@swin.edu.au](mailto:resethics@swin.edu.au)
